[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai...
To prepare for the looming
battle with Cell,
Vegeta and Trunks
submitted themselves
to the rigors of
training inside
the Hyperbolic Time Chamber.
Meanwhile, Piccolo was forced
to put his Super Namekian
powers to the test
when Androids Seventeen
and Eighteen
appeared on Master
Roshi's island.
With the warm-up round over,
the real fight begins now!
♪ opening song ♪
[NARRATOR]
The Super Namekian Powers Up!
Piccolo vs. Android 17!
[BRIEFS]
♪ And down will come baby,
cradle and all... ♪
There...
He's finally asleep.
[COMPUTER BEEPS]
[BULMA]
What...? Oh... Good.
So...
How's it coming?
Made any more progress
with that shutdown device?
[ALARM SOUNDS]
No...! Nothing...!
I've had it up to here
with Doctor Gero's
crazy designs!
[LOUD THUD]
[BABY TRUNKS CRIES]
[BRIEFS]
Shh... Aww...
There, There...
♪ Rock a bye baby... ♪
Yeah, son...
I wanna cry, too.
[BRIEFS]
♪ When the wind blows... ♪
Heh. All right, Namekian...
No more playing around.
[PICCOLO LAUGHS]
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
Let's see you dodge this!
[PICCOLO GROWLS]
All right... That is it!
[A17 YELLS]
[EXPLOSION]
What...?! He batted that
away like it was nothing!
You're good...!
Much stronger than before...
I think I can have some
real fun with you...
for a minute, at least.
[A18]
I thought he was
done playing around.
As though we had nothing
better to do than sit here...!
He is such a child.
[PICCOLO YELLS]
[SPLASH]
[A17] Why'd you stop...?
Was it too much for you?
[PICCOLO LAUGHS]
Come on...!
Will you just
finish this already?
Stop staring at him like
a fool, and do something!
Before I have to come up
there and do it for you!
No, This is the most fun
I've had since I woke up,
and I plan to enjoy it...!
You want to keep
going too, right?
Better believe it.
Well, then as long as
you're game... Heh...
How 'bout I start working
my way up to full power,
and we'll see how that goes.
That suits me just fine.
So bring it on then!
[PICCOLO YELLS]
[A17 GASPS]
[PICCOLO LAUGHS]
[PICCOLO]
Looks like you're all
out of moves, Android.
I guess you won't get
a chance to impress me
with that full power
of yours, after all.
[PICCOLO LAUGHS]
Game over!
[WIND BLOWS HEAVILY]
What is going
on over there?!
[RUMBLING]
[BUZZING SOUND]
[PICCOLO GASPS]
No... a force field...?!
Nice try...
but still not enough.
[PICCOLO]
Hmph! You wait! I'm still
just getting started!
Good, then follow me.
We'll need a new
island now that
someone's gone and blown
this one up... Heh...
Some people have no
respect for nature.
[MAN 73-A SHUDDERS]
No doubt the
incredible energy
I'm sensing is
the Namekian's.
He must have a real
fight on his hands
to power up to this level.
It could only be
Seventeen and Eighteen...!
He's found them!
And now, so have I!
[MAN 73-A YELLS]
Seventeen... Eighteen...
I'm coming for you.
And with the
power I've gained,
you'll have no
way to resist!
[CELL LAUGHS MANIACALLY]
You have gained a
surprising amount of power
for a pure organic.
You're really not the same old
Piccolo anymore, are you?
[A17]
Not that it matters...
Whoever or whatever you are
now, I don't really care...
The only thing I want to know
is where I can find Goku...
If you're ready to tell me that,
I'm all ears, no offense.
[PICCOLO]
You really think I'd make it
easier for you to find him,
just so you
can kill him?
Well, forget it...
You'll get no help from me.
Fine... then let's pick
up where we left off.
You'll change your
mind soon enough.
Don't expect me to go
easy on you this time.
[A18] Hmm...
[NECK CRACKS]
You may have the edge
on me in speed...
But if that's the
hardest you can punch,
it won't do you much good.
Huh...?
You are determined to push
my buttons, aren't you?
Get this... I was built
to be the ultimate fighter.
No one is stronger than me.
Hmm...
Hold on... He's not
playing now, is he?
Seventeen's actually
having a hard time.
Piccolo...
Hang in there...
Just hold on
a little longer...
Just...until Trunks and Vegeta
can get there... Please.
[PICCOLO YELLS]
[A17 AND PICCOLO YELL]
[VOLCANO ERUPTS]
Sheesh... We're going
to run out of islands
before these
two are finished.
[KRILLIN]
Whoa... Awesome...
Looks like Piccolo's
still givin 'em
a heck of a fight, huh?
[TIEN]
Ah... Man... I hate
standing on the sidelines
feeling helpless like this!
Huh...?
You've gotta
be kidding me...
[ROSHI GASPS]
What...?
What's wrong, Krillin?
He's getting closer.
Cell's coming!
Now...? Here?!
Man... Not good...!
After all this time,
the moment I've longed
for is finally here!
The day has come when
I will achieve perfection!
[CELL YELLS]
[CELL LAUGHS]
[EXPLOSION]
[SPLASH]
[A17 SCREAMS]
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
Ridiculous...
[YAMCHA]
So what do we do, Krillin?
Why you askin' me?
I'm just as freaked
out as you are!
Well we better think
of something fast;
Cell's going to be
there any minute,
and if he absorbs
those androids...
"Poof!"...
It's all over...!
There'll just be no way
to stop him at that point.
Great.
Krillin! Phone call...!
It's Bulma! Hurry,
it sounds important!
She told me to tell
you she's pretty sure
she figured out a way to
turn off the androids...
[EVERYONE]
She did what?!
I am a genius...!
I figured out that
Androids Seventeen
and Eighteen both have
an emergency
shutdown circuit
wired into their
neural networks.
I hacked the frequency,
so if we can get close,
then we just flip the
switch, and they'll be
as harmless as a couple'a
department store mannequins.
Yeah, it's already
done. Right...
I've got the controller
in my hand now!
Hey, don't know
if you noticed,
but we're kinda
running short on time!
Listen, Bulma...!
We need you to bring
it to us right away!
Piccolo's fighting the
androids as we speak.
We've gotta help him!
[BULMA]
Right, I'm on my way!
That's great... Now we can
finally destroy those androids,
and keep Cell from becoming
an even bigger problem.
[KRILLIN THINKING]
We're gonna... destroy them?
Uh... You okay?
Uh... Yeah, fine... Why?
[GOHAN]
Dad...! That energy...!
It's Cell...!
Feels like he's heading
right for Piccolo!
[GOKU] Yeah, I know son.
Man... We could really
use Vegeta right now.
Where is he?
He should'a finished his
training a long time ago!
Come on, Vegeta.
Hurry up...
Pretty soon, it's going to be
too late to undo the damage.
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
[PICCOLO YELLS]
Ha!
[EXPLOSION]
[PICCOLO YELLS]
[PICCOLO BREATHES HEAVILY]
[A17 LAUGHS LIGHTLY]
Good. Deep breaths...
And right there, you have
the reason why you can't win.
You're getting tired, but
my energy never runs out.
[PICCOLO BREATHES HEAVILY]
[PICCOLO GASPS]
[PICCOLO SHUDDERS]
[PICCOLO]
No! It's Cell!
[NARRATOR]
The day of the dreaded
meeting between Cell
and the Androids
has finally arrived!
Now Piccolo is all
that stands between
Cell and his Perfect Form,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ closing song ♪
[CELL]
I am Cell. I've come
for you, Seventeen...
And just in the nick
of time, eh Piccolo?
[PICCOLO]
Save it, Cell. If you want
to absorb these androids,
you'll have to get
through me first!
[CELL]
Ha! If you insist...
but I'm stronger since
the last time we met!
[GOKU]
Next time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai,
[PICCOLO]
Great. Now I've got to
save the android
I was trying to destroy!